Update info about basic-auth support (#3190)
mattermost/docs: source/developer/slash-commands.rst

5 - (Optional) Set the response username and icon the command will post messages as in Mattermost. If not set, the command will use your username and profile picture.

  .. note::

>     `Enable integrations to override usernames <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-usernames>`__ must be set to `true` in `config.json` to override usernames, and `similarly for profile picture icons <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-profile-picture-icons>`__. Enable them from **System Console > Integrations > Integration Management** (**System Console > Integrations > Custom Integrations** in versions prior to 5.12) or ask your System Administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `Enable integrations to override usernames <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-usernames>`__ must be set to `true` in `config.json` to override usernames, and `similarly for profile picture icons <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-profile-picture-icons>`__. Enable them from **System Console > Integrations > Custom Integrations** (or **System Console > Integrations > Integration Management** in versions prior to 5.12) or ask your Mattermost System Admin.
```

  .. note::

>     `Custom command URLs do not support basic authentication as the slash commands provide their own authentication level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Custom command URLs do not support basic authentication as the slash commands provide their own authentication level. 
```

5 - (Optional) Set the response username and icon the command will post messages as in Mattermost. If not set, the command will use your username and profile picture.

  .. note::

>     `Enable integrations to override usernames <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-usernames>`__ must be set to ``true`` in ``config.json`` to override usernames, and `similarly for profile picture icons <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-profile-picture-icons>`__. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `Enable integrations to override usernames <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-usernames>`__ must be set to ``true`` in ``config.json`` to override usernames, and `similarly for profile picture icons <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-profile-picture-icons>`__.
```

    Enable them from **System Console > Integrations > Custom Integrations** (or **System Console > Integrations > Integration Management** in versions prior to 5.12) or ask your Mattermost System Admin.

  .. note::

>     Custom command URLs do not support basic authentication as the slash commands provide their own authentication level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Custom command URLs do not support basic authentication as the slash commands provide their own authentication level.
```

  .. note::

>     `Enable integrations to override usernames <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-usernames>`__ must be set to `true` in `config.json` to override usernames, and `similarly for profile picture icons <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-profile-picture-icons>`__. Enable them from **System Console > Integrations > Custom Integrations** in prior versions or **System Console > Integrations > Integration Management** in versions after 5.12 or ask your System Administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `Enable integrations to override usernames <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-usernames>`__ must be set to `true` in `config.json` to override usernames, and `similarly for profile picture icons <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-profile-picture-icons>`__. Enable them from **System Console > Integrations > Integration Management** (**System Console > Integrations > Custom Integrations** in versions prior to 5.12) or ask your System Administrator.
```

  .. note::

>     `Custom commands urls do not support basic auth. Commands provide their own authentication level, thats why no need in basic auth support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `Custom command URLs do not support basic authentication as the slash commands provide their own authentication level. 
```

Reviewer 2: Agree,
